.\"  Copyright (c) 2008-2009 HADA, Inc. <http://www.hada.com>
.\"  This file is part of HADAFS.
.\"
.\"  HADAFS is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
.\"  by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License,
.\"  or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  HADAFS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\"  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
.\"  General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  long with this program.  If not, see
.\"  <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" :O
.\" 
.TH HADAFS 8 ":O Cluster Filesystem" "07 December 2008" "HADA Inc."
.SH NAME
HADAFS \- Clustered Filesystem.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B hadafs 
.I [options] [mountpoint]
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
HADAFS is a clustered file-system capable of scaling to several peta-bytes. It aggregates various storage bricks over Infiniband RDMA or TCP/IP interconnect into one large parallel network file system. Storage bricks can be made of any commodity hardware such as x86-64 server with SATA-II RAID and Infiniband HBA.
HADAFS is fully POSIX compliant FileSystem. On client side, it has dependency on FUSE package, on server side, it works seemlessly on different OSes. (Currently supported on GNU/Linux, Mac OSX, FreeBSD, OpenSolaris).
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
Mandatory or optional arguments to long options are also mandatory or optional
for any corresponding short options.
.SS "Basic options"
.PP
.TP 

\fB\-f, \fB\-\-volfile=VOLUME-FILE\fR
File to use as VOLUME-FILE [default:/etc/hadafs/hadafs.vol]
.TP
\fB\-l, \fB\-\-log\-file=LOGFILE\fR
File to use for logging [default:/var/log/hadafs/hadafs.log]
.TP
\fB\-L, \fB\-\-log\-level=LOGLEVEL\fR   
Logging severity.  Valid options are DEBUG, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL 
and NONE [default: WARNING]
.TP
\fB\-s, \fB\-\-volfile\-server=SERVER\fR
Server to get the volume from.  This option overrides \fB\-\-volfile option

.SS "Advanced options"
.PP
.TP

\fB\-\-debug\fR
Run in debug mode.  This option sets \fB\-\-no\-daemon\fR, \fB\-\-log\-level\fR to DEBUG 
and \fB\-\-log\-file\fR to console
.TP
\fB\-N, \fB\-\-no\-daemon\fR
Run in foreground
.TP
\fB\-p, \fB\-\-pid\-file=PIDFILE\fR
File to use as pid file
.TP
\fB\-\-volfile\-id=KEY\fR
KEY of the volume file to be fetched from server
.TP
\fB\-\-volfile\-server\-port=PORT\fR
Port number of volfile server
.TP
\fB\-\-volfile\-server\-transport=TRANSPORT\fR
Transport type to get volume file from server [default: socket]
.TP
\fB\-\-volume\-name=VOLUME\-NAME\fR
Volume name to be used for MOUNT-POINT [default: top most volume in 
VOLUME-FILE]
.TP
\fB\-\-xlator\-option=VOLUME\-NAME.OPTION=VALUE\fR
Add/override a translator option for a volume with the specified value


.SS "Fuse options"
.PP
.TP

\fB\-\-attribute\-timeout=SECONDS\fR
Set attribute timeout to SECONDS for inodes in fuse kernel module [default: 1]
.TP
\fB\-\-entry\-timeout=SECONDS\fR
Set entry timeout to SECONDS in fuse kernel module [default: 1]
.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-direct\-io\-mode\fR 
Disable direct I/O mode in fuse kernel module
.TP

.SS "Miscellaneous Options"
.PP
.TP

\fB\-?, \fB\-\-help\fR
Give this help list
.TP
\fB\-\-usage\fR
Give a short usage message
.TP
\fB\-V, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print program version

.PP
.SH FILES
/etc/hadafs/*.vol

.SH SEE ALSO
.nf
The full documentation for \fBHADAFS\fR is maintained as a Texinfo manual. 
If the \fBinfo\fR and \fBhadafs\fR are properly installed on your site, the command
            \fBinfo hadafs\fR
should give you access to complete documentation.

.nf
\fBbison\fR(1) \fBflex\fR(1) \fBfusermount\fR(1) 
\fBhttp://www.hadafs.org/ <URL:http://www.hadafs.org/>
\fR
.fi
.SH SUPPORT
.nf
\fBhttp://support.hada.com/ <URL:http://support.hada.com/>
\fR
.fi
.SH AUTHORS
.nf
\fBhttp://www.hada.org/core-team.php <URL:http://www.hada.org/core-team.php>
\fR
.fi
.SH COPYRIGHT
.nf
\fBCopyright(c)2006-2009 HADA, Inc. <http://www.hada.com>
\fR
.fi
